does everyone feel like they're on track
to getting this stuff installed you have
like the webpage open so we can like get
rid of this fiddly link yeah yeah cool
so hello good morning
energized yes great so today we're here
to tell you how you can take back
control of your identity yeah it's like
this is exciting
yeah okay so like there's three of us
here so it's like people fun so and read
he's like we're all from Portugal and
there's the CTO at Moxie bulwark to them
at Moxie as well and I work at mythix a
different company but we're all
collaborating in this really cool
project so first we're going to start
with like a crash course in self
sovereign identity and it's totally fine
if you've never heard the term before
we're gonna go over it we're gonna like
introduce a couple of interesting topics
then we're gonna say like okay so how
does all of this thing that we've
learned come together like what can you
actually do with it
so there will be some hacking time at
the end we're gonna be like a really
cool application where like essentially
you'll be able to identify the messages
coming from everyone in this room and
it's all going to be super decentralized
yeah yeah so yeah so first of all we
think that the current identity systems
are broken
okay like there are no good we need to
make them better so why are they broken
like if we go back to our friends at
Wikipedia they tell us that identity
like the set of qualities believes
personalities expressions whatever that
made you who you are
and this definition was pretty good like
a few years back but today like your
digital profile is a big part of your
identity right and the problem is that
like you don't really own those profiles
and you do not control them they're
usually owned by these big corporations
starting these big data silos completely
opaque to you
and this is problematic right I mean
sure if you went back a hundred years
ago you did have total control of you
over your identity right you don't want
to like show your qualities or beliefs
or personality like just don't talk to
people and show yourself to people
you'll be completely private right but
today you really have that option
anymore
so I mean you want to find some look you
use an app that I'm surprised your data
has been used to sway the results of an
election yeah like you go on you just
like you go on Google to type stuff or
you talk to your friends surprise if
that has been sold to advertisers so now
that you know exactly how to target you
you use like what files surprise your
anything you might be stolen for the
rest of your life because we just need
your social security number so yeah like
right now in the u.s. there's 143
million people who need to spend the
rest of their life looking over their
shoulder because their identities might
be stolen
yeah not ideal right it's essentially
since you don't control like how your
data is stored two things happen like
first of all obviously you have no
control second since all days this data
is stored in these centralized places
it's like be able to big honey pots
right it's just a big cash price to try
to get it's a big target for an attack
so we don't want that and obviously like
each website is its own login
information maybe use a password manager
that's cool but most people just write
it down into post-its and then they put
it on their computer screen it's a very
hard system to maintain not secure at
all so yeah that's bad as well and also
like you can just be delete it right and
this isn't enough to be like a 1984 like
the government's against me scenario you
can just be like pure negligence so I
think there's MySpace just announced
recently they lost 12 years worth of
music that's insane right twelve years
so yeah like and especially today there
are a lot of professions where your
social profile is like directly
correlated to your livelihoods so if
that information gets lost to singe we
have no way to make a living so this is
like really important
so it's all sovereign identity is like
not the Holy Grail but it's a really
nice attempt at fixing some of these
problems so what is self sovereign
identity so if we think back of identity
systems over time we started li-like
highly centralized things like I can
giving out IP addresses to people then
we add the certificate authorities which
was like a hierarchical system but also
highly centralized then came like
Microsoft with something called the
Microsoft passport which was essentially
a federated system like really cool you
can take the same identity and login to
multiple places but Microsoft wants all
of it no idea leader then came like Oh
Alton open ID which were supposed to be
like really cool and centralized but I
didn't just they just ended up being too
complex for normal people to implement
so just they just went back to cloud
providers super centralized again and
this lattice is like a big community
driven effort to develop standards on
self sovereign identity which is
essentially a type of identity system
where the user is put in control of
their data so it is self sovereign
because the user can just take their
data and move it to a different system
and you can get as many times as they
want because everything is standardized
every system understands the other the
other providers right so yeah so how do
we actually implement self sovereign
identities there is something really
cool called decentralized identifiers or
the IDs that anyone heard of the IDs
before yeah oh cool
so like we can just blaze through this
nice
so this keyboard some work cool so ID ID
is just like a global unique identifier
so it's got like a protocol net and then
the namespace and then a unique string
that identifies it it's persistent it
has no central registration and most
importantly can be global results so
anyone can take with the ID and actually
turn into something meaningful for
instance in this case here this jie
mystery
here is using the DNR in that example
and we'll go over what the method means
in a while and then it's like a specific
string that results of this documents
here and this document essentially gives
us the required information to establish
a cryptographic verifiable channel of
communication with that person or that
Penn City right so in this case it's a
fly the public key there and then it
says it's for authentication you should
use that public key so I give you my the
ID you resolve it to this and now we
know which you should use to
authenticate against me so the way that
you take the ID and you turn it into a D
ID documents by the way this is the deep
top not sure if I said but yeah the way
you do that is through the D ID method
which is a specification that defines
how the create read and update
informations happened for that specific
methods so what this means in practice
is for instance the IP ID which is very
BFS which essentially says you take the
method specific identifier Econ IDNs
that resolves to see ID you get that C
ID and then boom you have to give the
documents really cool but maybe you
don't like a DFS maybe you want
something like super strong like start
on Bitcoin or something and we also got
you covered
there's something called the BTC or
method so you take these three you
decoded these points to a Bitcoin
transaction and then you go on the up
return field of that transaction and
there will be like some pointer to
storage which points to your tid
document as well
Johnny brunch I didn't know what it was
so I didn't say so essentially like just
wrapping this up the DIA thing very
quickly
Idid infrastructure is like a key value
store so your key is your the ID the
store is your D ID document yeah so the
daily method defines how everything
happens for that specific the ID type
and there's just like a little summary
of a bunch of the ID methods that exist
but you can see that like somewhere
based on bitcoins somewhere based on
Experian a couple of days on a BFS I
think I've heard of the new ones
sometime this week then there are some
with their own clock chain which was
just like a blockchain crates basically
be for that purpose so like it has
better just for the identity purpose so
yeah these are pretty cool right but we
started by complaining about Google and
Facebook and these are applications that
are like feature-rich they offer a bunch
of stuff and here we came up with a
solution which is this I know you have
like a cooler version of PGP so that's
not really a solution so that's what
verifiable credentials come in so
verifiable credentials are like
essentially a fancy term for a message
that can be crypto perfectly verified
using a the ID so you take a message
you sign it using a key that is in your
D ID then you swipe that the ID on that
message so now anyone can come here
Francis this is a client that the
government could use me saying that I'm
over 18 years old which means that I can
I like to go into a blog I just show
them and I'm over 18 they don't need to
know my birthday
which is people so though you've gotta
fight this is like so you have your
signature here you have this D ID here
which in this case would be the idea of
the government everyone would know where
to do you like one of those that are
very well spread out
yeah very politicized and and so you
just go here you get the key one from
the government's the ID that you can
verify that this message is authentic
all right so that's how the flow would
work so get these and verify the
credentials like work very well together
essentially at the end of the day what
you have is a decentralized layer of
identity which in turn allows you to
build a decentralized lawyer of
messaging and just exchanging meaningful
information between parties so like the
bottom of the stack we have
decentralized Ledger's then on top we
have built the centralized identifiers
and then we have the verifiable
credentials on top of it and now it's up
to all of us like the developer
community to build awesome amazing right
stuff on top of verifiable credentials
right because if we are able to do that
then we can compete with like these big
platforms by offering the same type of
features that users really wants and
needs like users don't really care about
verifiable credentials or whatever you
just need to give them really cool stuff
using this really cool technology and
that's kind of what we're here to show
you today like a really cool stuff that
you can build using what already exists
today so right come on just do it again
because I think it's perfect yeah the
way from the screen we were like burning
the spring yes make it slick so I thank
you for your an amazing introduction so
I guess what we have today is that
developers to ease your life they have
like multiples I seen a sign on with
multiple providers so that you can use
your Google account or your Twitter
account or your github account to sign
in to a website for example but what
this means is that they need to
set it up for every single one of these
providers and although the IDs and
verifiable credentials are meant to be
interoperable we are starting to see
something similar with what we have
today so we are starting to see
different or separated ways to sign in
with different wallets and developers
will need to keep in mind that there are
different test case and that there are
different methods so they need to
implement every single one of the SDKs
if they want to embrace all of the users
right so unfortunately we know that
there are some constraints and time is
one of them for example and developers
might not implement every single SDK app
so what will happen imagine our friend
here Rick Sanchez he wants to sign in
into three different types and each
single one of these apps all these
supports I mean with a specific the
animator or with a wallet so for example
the first app uses your port the second
app is this website and third that uses
Java comp so what to do is to create
identity three times replicated in with
three different three different maybe ID
methods and he will use that to signing
into the three different apps but
imagine now that Rick Sanchez is a minor
daughter and he wants to create an
identity for please open so and he wants
to use that identity to also sign into
each one of these apps you need to
replicate is that the is I thought his
daughter's identity three times again to
sign in so imagine the pain that it will
be to manage all your identities like
this
so keeping this in mind and these
problems Identity Manager arise and
Identity Manager or what Identity
Manager is it's like a way for you to
have or manage multiple identities
created or with multi behaving methods
and you will be able to Vantage all ara
that it is with Identity Manager
Identity Manager is a work in progress
keep in mind we have been working on it
like four or five months and our vision
is to support every single thing that
you see on this slide so for example we
aim to support the IDS very fabric
credentials single sign-on with the idea
we aim to be multi device so that you
can use in your mobile phone laptop
desktop we aim to provide the way for
you to sign any arbitrary data that an
app might require we aim to have all
your identities that encrypted within
the wallet and we also aim to be
compatible with a analyzing API called
relational credential and API that
enables a website to request users
credentials so in this life value you
can see an overview of the architecture
of the manager so for that imagine that
we have an IBM wallet UI and we have an
application but they want to communicate
with each other
how do you do that so the any wallet you
I would use the IBM wallets SDK and the
applications will use the
and SDK this SDKs could be configured
with bridges and what are bridges
bridges are a way for you to communicate
or bridges creates a channel for the
application and the lagging mode device
to communicate with each other so
imagine this the MotY is being run on
the browser and house and the
application is also being run on the
browser so they could use like in IBM
bridge with post message so they would
communicate with each other by post
message but this is dependent on
multiple factors so for example imagine
that you carry your wallet in your
mobile phone because it's easy right you
know have your wolf your mobile phone
and there is an application on the
browser in your laptop that one's come
to communicate with your wallets so post
message wouldn't be viable so you use
another type of IBM bridge that is waste
for example in Libby to be so
presenting no knowledge is the first
identity wallet
based on the identity manager
specification it uses the Jas
implementation of the identity manager
and I would like you to go to this memo
dot nom user IO and follow the steps
that's and I will show so that's all
open this website here so this is like a
quick reply of the recent version of
Romeo's so if you open that into your
browser and I will do a quick follow
follow through all the features and you
can do these with me because we will
need to create your identity so that you
can interact with each other in a shut
up okay so let's follow to the steps
real quick so the first screen that you
see is the lock the setup locker feature
which basically is a way to set up one
or more lock types for everything within
the wallet to be encrypted in this case
we support passphrases for now but we
aim to support a touch ID or face ID or
whatever the art wear provides us to
have more user-friendly locking and
unlocking types but for now we just
support the phosphorous so let's type
something that works so continue the
next step is the expression time so if
you are idling within your computer
after that amount of time the lock
screen will will be where will be
visible and everything will be locked so
let's use like ten minutes for now what
are they are you falling through this
works yeah oh yeah so one thing please
use Chrome and Firefox Safari doesn't
work yet because we have to make it
compatible brave okay probably yes
because it is chromium chromium
so I guess so yeah but I haven't checked
it so so this is like a like a landing
page is not final but we can create an
identity which we'll need for the
workshop so you can either create or
import if you already have
but for now I don't have it so let's
create my first identity and do that as
well so we can choose between a person
organization or other why is that
necessary for instance you can have your
cats and your cat can have an identity
and it should have because you can you
can store vaccines for instance
credentials that state that they were
they were vaccinated so they can be
stored in the wallet as well but in this
case I guess I'm a person so I'm gonna
put my name now and I'm not gonna plot
my photo this one continue and now you
are setting up the device so as Paulo
said we are multi device so it means
that we can have one two three four
devices associated with our identities
so I'm here creating my first device
this case it'll automatically that
detected that I'm on a laptop so let's
keep it and it's being created so right
now we just support IP ID but we want to
support more dieting methods so what's
happening now is that my identity based
on IP ID is being created so it might
take some time depending on the internet
I guess I couldn't here
on this step I guess it's the internet
or maybe yeah let's try with let's retry
if now we can change the network
yeah speak up see the cap see and the
password is share capitalized whip also
capitalized a PF is all in uppercase
okay and I just right now
Oh
nice to not working okay
I was successful with indirect never you
guys
so at least in this network I was able
to create it so you should be able to do
that as well it takes some time because
it actually uses IP enhance and stuff
like that so it's still up industry to
put your avatar so it takes some time
depending on the network of course I
will show you I will actually show that
the idea document to be their their
public keys and stuff like that like the
data that is within the document so yeah
it's an encrypted and it's supposed to
be because there's no sensitive
information there yeah because there's
just public keys there there's no met
information about yourself that's that's
the job for very formal credentials so
you you could have like a brief other
credentials saying your name and you
could sign it with your own public key
because you are saying my name is X and
you'll be signing that with yourself
all these justin presence are you able
to create now with the with a network
yes cool so let's keep going so I'm
going to go through the to the Becca
identity flow so that we can import
these identity in other device so let's
just go really quick so what happens
here is that in the case of IP ID the
master key controls your IP NS records
so that's if that gets stolen for some
reason you're pretty much in a bad
situation because anyone can then change
your D ID document forever basically at
least for now so you need to back it up
really safely we are using Piper keys at
the moment we don't support PDF but we
will but we have to do it manually which
basically Simon Ammann ik 12-volt Luna
Manik I'm just going to copy that
- like can be here like in the console I
guess and maybe here just to be safe and
continue because now I'm gonna get a
confirmation step so I need to select
that
number three one two three salon and in
six one two three four five six antenna
okay so yes so what happens is now my
master key was removed from from my
store for my local wallet and he's now
cannot be recovered using the mini
morning right so let's actually try to
import this identity in another wallet
and just to demonstrate that normally
you just use interface that anyone could
implement their own whose interface
let's use like a real drafty wallet that
we did yesterday just for the demo okay
maybe I should clean clear the storage
because I don't remember the passphrase
for this that's why I want to have touch
ID and stuff like that right to be me
are more user friendly so yeah this is
something that Paulo made yesterday
hopefully things will be able to work
like so these like a very rough ID Emma
like wallets
I have no identities of course so I will
take the minimum ik which is here and
I'm gonna import it right so I'm gonna
place it and submit it this might take
some time hopefully it will work out let
me just check the network to see if
things things start to pop up
it seems to be working so it's good
because over a paean answer now it's it
suppose is check getting my avatar as
well yeah yes so I was able to import
and recruits from the Nam use wallet to
another wallet right so this this is
just to showcase the interoperability
between the wallets that follow the same
specification right so let me just
continue with the demo let me just close
this tab usable tab so let's edit my
profile right so let's complete some
fields we can choose our nationality and
my own location something near Spain
I guess what's alone or something like
that I'm not sure
so the Internet's ok cool right so as
you can see I already have the
information here and it should be
replicated there automatically right so
both wallets are devices of the same
identity and all the information flows
between identity seamlessly using using
peer-to-peer but it's not it's it's
normal I will try to explain that so it
if you take the your IP NS records and
try to resolve it through the Gateway or
something like that you want to be able
to because we are using a fork of a DFS
that uses a Multi multi tired
multi-tiered data store for a penis
record in this case we are using
CloudFlare workers and dns apena so for
dns meaning that if you go to the
gateway the Gateway is not using those
right now so we are not able to resolve
it we had to do this because I penis in
the browser is still not available
because the DHT on the JavaScript
implementation is not yet available but
it will be so we can then switch over to
DDT by subpoenas and things should work
out
so let's let's actually open my data
document as I don't know your name
what's an F as it said so let's try it
out so we have like a cool variable here
which is exposed
I will increment my phone size we have
like that variable which is exposed just
for development purposes is a demo so we
have like this part of the specification
by the way so we have like the identity
scope and we have the list function to
list your identities in this case is
just one so I'm going to access 0 and
let's where I grab my D ID right so my t
ID is that one which is where is an IP
ID and if i try to resolve it not with
the gateway but through the the same the
same tier star that that i've spoken we
have like a different scope for that
which is d-damn and we have resolved and
let's put the d ID and because he's a
promise on it were a wait for it take
some time I guess the internet is really
flaky like I was like 10 minutes ago and
worked really fast
yes so they have like not not Universal
the ideas over but they have pluggable
yeah we have a module for IP ID that is
able to resolve to that model yeah we
actually using it by the way if you are
interested in the code bodies we have
like I can show you after that we have
like a index of repositories one of them
is a module that you can use with that
resolver so this is the DI document
right so it's very similar to what you
want I showed you I need these guys we
have three public keys because they are
already imported it into devices like
the example wallet these wallets and
also we have the master key listed here
as well which is the one that controls
the type in s records so to show you the
names of the keys like ninjas pitchers
so the first one is it's called IDM
master the second one is called IDM
device and that the hash of your public
key and the second one is very similar
is the M device in dash of the public
key right and also I'm stating that the
my two devices are able to authenticate
to throughout the web I guess so
this is just a quick demo of the overall
features of normals I think I don't have
any more stuff to show you right now but
I will after the workshop so let's
actually start the workshop now does
anyone have had problems installing the
workshop no go go ahead
Oh No but but that's that's a good
that's a good suggestion perhaps next
next time I will or I can I can mail you
something but we need to make those
first yeah okay so let's follow to the
workshop so we have here the full
workshop but I will do it with you so
that we can I walk to and I can explain
what's happening so we have like 10
minutes yes so it's gonna be real quick
so let's start to by setting up the IDM
client okay so I'm going to just copy
the code that we already have here and I
will try to explain really fast so the
first thing that I want you to know
about these up is that we have the
index.js file which is this one which is
configures ipfs note because we we need
I profess for the pub sub room for the
shed and also we need you need to
understand that we have stores we have
the user star which manages the user the
current user and has login and logout
functions and we have the room store
which basically is responsible for
managing the room state like the
messages and sending messages and
verifying messages so let's start by
actually adding the IDM client so let's
just copy that at the top and I'm going
to do this really quick because we're
out of time so I'm tasting the import
for from IDM client and from the bridge
post message because we are reusing
wallet within the browser using app
within the browser as well but in the
future there will be other bridges for
instance we can have a bridge brace on
lipid p4 to have connectivity weakest
connectivity between devices
I've been between apps and wallets and
now I'm configuring the wallet who are L
for that will be used for the post
message bridge and I'm declaring my app
there which as a name and actually it
has on page an icon as well so
let's keep moving by the way you can
check the with me if you are falling
behind is everything there so next time
I'm going to change the setup function
to include initializing all these
libraries so I'm gonna put here after
the first node creation so what's
happening here is that I'm creating a
client-side bridge with my wallet we're
out in these cases nominees and I'm also
creating the IDM client with the app
that I've declared the the manifest of
that basically the bridge and also type
EFS instance because as we use IP ID we
need also ipfs to resolve the DNS
records for for the identities and also
I'm configuring the I'm configuring the
stores by now passing the IDM client
okay you can erase this line here is the
same but now a bypassing the IDM client
will use it in the stores that's the
first step the second step is to
actually have authentication right and
by the way let me just show you the
current state of the app by the way it
works right now so if I log in you
finally know I'm logged in with John Doe
because we haven't yet integrated IDM
client we cannot already typed messages
right I don't know if you are seeing my
messages there but it should work yet
John Doe so as you can see the
signatures there are invalid because
this is a dummy signature we are not
using anything to to create signatures
so our goal now is to have
authentication so that instead of John
Doe will be we'll be putting our real
names and our real photo there so let's
keep moving the second step is to go
into the stores as slash user and get
hold of the IDM client so let's copy
that and go into the user store just
replace the configure function with that
code so what's happening here is that
I'm using the idea IDM client to
subscribe to session changes let me try
to explain quickly what a session is the
session is connection between
a wallet and the app so let's call the
session essentially whenever you are
tentacle you have a session that
contains the session ID contains the
user information that the tapped
requested and some other feels like the
profile details that are based basically
the profile name the user name the user
avatar and stuff like that actually have
more fields but they are not needed
needed for now so yeah when I'm
basically copying that and dispatching a
change for the reactor to automatically
update so next on what I want to have is
to actually rewrite the login and logout
functions that are on the store to use
the IDM client so let's copy that and
instead of you know having all these
Demi functions that we have there let's
replace with the code that we have there
so basically what's happening now is
that I'm calling for the login function
I'm calling the IDM client authenticate
this will prompt the user to
authenticate to authorized up to receive
some some more information about the
identity and it will be it will return a
session for the logout is really the
opposite you ask to on authenticate and
the session will be destroyed basically
so let's try it out
so go to the example shut up let's login
with IDM so this is the post message
bridge so if are able to unlock your TV
screen so these are wants to
authenticate you example shut up and you
receive you will receive the social
details and social probes social process
are not yet implemented they will be
shortly so that will just received my
personal details also you'll be able to
edit those details the feature like you
could find brain turn the details I want
to disclose to that so after I accept I
shall be logged in and I already see a
message from I'll show hello everyone
cool so did you receive it on
okay we have another message from
Gregory so it seems to be working but
there's an issue right so the messages
are not being signed and let me just
recap that there's another issue which
is if i refresh the page I will lose my
session right do why why is that because
I'm I don't have code yet to resume a
session I need to actually do that it's
really simple so I just need to check if
I'm away the Authenticator on the
bootstrap right I need to copy this
piece of code into the configure
function here so I'm checking from ready
authenticated and if I am I will grab
the profile details from the session
okay so just just this change if i
refresh it now I should be able to be
logging again
so next step is to have signatures right
this is awesome thing so let's do that
in order to have signatures of course we
need to do that in the room start we
need also to grab a reference from the
IDM client because we'll be using it so
let's go into the room store and let's
go at the top where the configure
function is and let's just paste it here
like that so now we're just holding a
reference to the nm client is really
just a reference and now what I want to
do is to actually sign the messages
within the shed and also I want to be
able to verify the messages from others
basically those Fink functions sorry
those functions will be automatically
called by the react table so we just
need to to change them so let's copy
this line over here and replace it with
the dummy dummy signature here on the
underline 110 right so now those message
will be signed and also let's copy the
verification of the signatures to the
function below just remove like the fake
promise
and fake results with that line of code
right so let me try to explain what
setting so on line 110 I'm asked in the
idan pine to sign without options to
sign the message which is the j-jason
and then after after it succeeds I would
broadcast the message which contains a
signature
whenever other receive matches messages
they will be verified right so I need to
extract the original message without the
signature and ask the IDM client 25 that
signature is correct by passing the
original message and the signature right
and if the result is is valid the we
will see a check mark on the messages
otherwise we'll see like a cross mark so
let's see if it works
sorry this one it's it's check mark so
it takes some time because of type in s
resolving being results no let's wait a
bit okay I'm seeing Alan show is
verified already so we take some time at
first because we are really fetching in
disguise Alan shows the ID document and
checking if the signature is correct
against one of his public keys so he
takes some time to fetch the first
records as you could see there's no
prompting I wasn't prompted prompted to
authorize the signature because we have
two different signature schemes one is
with your session private key and the
session private key is associated with
the session but the private key leaves
within their wallet it doesn't live
within the example shot meaning that you
are always in control that never sees
any private key okay but the tricky here
is that session private keys are
unencrypted within your within your
wallets but if you need more security
for instance if you if you have a
feature like remove room a chat room or
create a chat room maybe you need some
degree of security so we will ask to
sign with the device privately because
session private keys are child's child
piece from the device private keys so
it's kind of a article so to sign with
the device private key we need
to prompt a user because he needs to put
the passphrase or to unlock it
to be able to unencrypted the private
key so that we can sign and let's
actually do something cool which is
whenever we type IP FS
okay let's ask to sign with a session so
in order to do that let's just copy this
piece of code here that is below and
replace with a previous line that we
have so basically what I'm doing here
what I'm doing here is detecting if the
message contains the word ipfs if it
does I'm asking to sign with a device
key otherwise I'm asking to sign with a
session key right let's see if this
works out I can explain I would like
sure you open the signature and he will
try to quickly explain you to you after
after this so we type if we type ipfs it
prompts me to to unlock IDM and to
authorize the signature so as you can
see like this is like a preview of
what's being signed and as you can see
that the text there's my myself the
outer self I authorize in this case I'm
signing with my device key so let me try
to explain the signature skin so we have
here like a console log containing the
tenancy by the way so this is a message
project produced by the app so it has
like an author and ID a text and a
timestamp
and there's a signature so the signature
contains a few fields the most important
ones are the deeds
Wario so the deed where L is like the
URL for the public key that is within
the D ID document so the daily document
is that one so it should be my daddy
document and you have the key ID that
was used to sign
and because I sign with my device
private key
the the deviation path we use VIP 32 the
reverberation path is route okay but if
I type something with my session key and
we fish check the signature what we'll
see is that it's basically similar
everything except the key path
the key path contains not only the route
but something to that points to the
session public key the key path that was
used use it to derive the session public
key from the device public key so you
take the device public key
you take that key path and you derive
the session public key based on on the
parent-child relationship it uses VIP 32
so if you are interested in knowing more
this is like an open specification for
that not not something that we invented
so yeah that's basically how how the
client is verifying the signature so
it's fetching the data document is
checking deriving the key and checking
the value against the signature sorry
checking the value against the message
and the public key that's it so and one
last thing that I want to show is to
actually prove that we are in control so
I'm gonna go into Nam use I'm gonna
unlock it because my my our whole time
passed and I'm gonna revoke access to
this up okay because we already
interacted with an app so I'm going to
revoke it so if I revoke it the session
will be destroyed right so that what
removes and I'm logged out right so the
session was destroyed and because this
type of bridge is like multi-directional
in this case the wallet sent a message
to the to datum client says saying hey
this session ID is no longer valid so it
automatically destroyed it and things
got updated automatically so
vacation to respect he's up to the up or
to the spec to if the app itself
denies to like that's let's say that it
keeps the session for some reason you
won't be able to produce new signatures
because the wallet is the wallet that
produces the signatures because the app
never sees a private key
that means the the bridge and it's to
interact with the wallet in order to
produce silencers so the apps can't
really do anything after even if they
keep holding the session they can't
really do nothing and if they even do
the singles being valid because they
couldn't be produced at all so what's
I already showed you I think it's like
this this is signature scheme also if
you're more interested in knowing the
exact process we have a rapper called
IDM signatures is listed on our
management rebels repository I will
actually show you afterwards so if
you're interested you can go there and
see how the process actually works
step-by-step yeah I am because the
client doesn't depend of a wallet to a
wallet for that because all that can be
compromised right I can create a fake
wallet that validates successfully every
time so the clients need to actually not
use the wallet and be responsible for
that right so I think that's it for the
demo what do you guys think
one was slides is that we have like this
very cool website we did like in three
four days so just go there is really
cool like just a presentation of nom use
so if you're more interested like if
you're interested in knowing more you
have like a link here for the concept
documents that describes what we are
doing here and also you have subscribe
feature so that we can deliver updates
to you about the things that we are
developing new features like that and
also there's a link for this workshop if
you want to you know do the workshop by
ourselves and also we have a link for
our management repo which contains all
the links for the code base so that you
can actually see the code by yourself so
you have like all the records here as
you said to be the code base so yeah
that's it I think we are ready over time
if you have any questions feel free to
ask
[Music]
[Applause]